# Milestone 4 Reflection

We have made some fixes and improvements to the dashboard from Milestone 2, such as many UI improvements and reducing code redundancy. Overall, it seems that the usability of our app is good. The peer reviews have been helpful in providing us specific details that users wished for improvements, such as ways to make the dashboard appear more appealing. Some suggestions raised in the peer review include changing the left point on the slidebar to be a point instead of a knob and padding the checkboxes so they are not too close to the left side of the screen, both of which we implemented. They also suggested limiting the lengths of the tables and adding hover labels to the plots in order to make it easier to view the data, which we implemented as well. It seemed that a recurring issue with our dashboard was that people who are not familiar with F1 will find it difficult to understand the purpose and usability of the app. This is very useful feedback to us, because we would like this dashboard to be something that old fans and newcomers alike can use and enjoy. It is very helpful to have a new set of eyes reading over the explanations that we have written and pointing out anything that might be confusing to people who are unfamiliar with F1. To address that we added more detail in the README to introduce people to the sport.

Some things that we did not implement that we initially wanted to have were the map showing the races around the globe and the race lap times line chart for individual races. Ultimately, this was due to a lack of time, but we see potential for improvements to our dashboard by eventually adding these details to it that will make the dashboard even more useful for F1 fans. Another detail that we did not implement was including the driver’s photo and the team’s logo beside the checkboxes. We feel that the dashboard already contains a lot of information and adding those images will clutter the already limited space in the checkbox column.
